In the contract, Germany and Italy are the leading countries in the Great East Asia.
In other words, they are the vanguard.
In Europe, Germany, Italy and the two countries are fighting for their country.
Japan is the leading country in the two countries.
And Japan, Japan, Japan and Italy are working together to help each other.
After the contract was made, Japan was able to hold the two countries in the top 6.
However, the responsibility of our country, which is the leader of the Great East Asia,
has finally been put on the line.
The government is going to take this responsibility with a peaceful means,
but sometimes it requires a very serious resolution.
I don't think that the government will be able to achieve the goal of the country.
I don't doubt that the government will be able to achieve the goal.
However, there are many obstacles and difficulties in the way forward.
In the general situation, it is difficult to overcome them.
After thinking about the defense of our country successfully,
we must strike together with high spirits and their will to overcome all obstacles and disadvantages
and perform our best.
We are grateful to the Japanese Army for this opportunity.
I would like to express my gratitude to the Japanese Army.